export default "Still developing the technical documentation which has been severely halted by the fact that foundational background knowledge in training theory and exercise prescription theory needs to be hardly implemented into the application core functionalities. Eventually the manual will have to rely on actual exercise and rehabilitation science, that's the whole point if I want to help professionals into streamlining and managing their work to the best possible.\nSo for now the crucial point is to finally try and guess or adopt a concept of training load and a concept of training dose. These two definitions are important in the scope of the app when utilizing functionalities such as periodization and periodization related graphs and views. Eventually the technician will want to plan a periodization program that is based on preliminary anamnesis and evaluation of the patient and prescribe exercise of a specific dose and load in order to elicit specific results. This is often kept in consideration both at the micro level (e.g. avoiding excessing single session volume could prevent injuries and implement compliance) and at the macro level (e.g. the overall program \"load\" should be of a certain duration).\n\nOne thing is sure, in terms of adapted physical activity and in general, some timespans or arcs should be defined. Eventually a professional that knows what they are doing will know if for certain objectives someone needs to train for a week, a month, a year or lifetime.\n\n<u>Potentially I can start to setup the development environment even today to be quite honest. No need to delay any further. </u> \n\nWhat happened is that I found Tauri not to be supported to the level I need starting from scratch. There's no documentation even to set up a simple boilerplate code to make a Tauri React app, so I'll just go with Electron since it is much more supported and has a way bigger community. It seems to be there a boilerplate already available but I'll try to understand how to set it up from scratch eventually.\n\nSet up the environment with electron react boilerplate and it took five minutes. Not sure if I will want to develop this app in this language eventually I will try and check. For now I'll stick with electron as it seems the most suitable way.";